README.md, before:

# pands-problem-sheet
pands-problem-sheet
Week 2 
bmi.py - This program calculates the Body Mass Index (BMI)
Sources:
https://www.includehelp.com/python/bmi-body-mass-index-calculator.aspx
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20405610/bmi-calculator-in-python/50386292

Week 3

Sources: 
How to reverse input: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29092778/how-to-reverse-user-input-in-python
How to only output every second letter: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48873854/python-printing-ever-other-letter-of-a-word

Week 4
Sources: 
Even or Odd number: https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/examples/odd-even
Calculation: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33508034/making-a-collatz-program-automate-the-boring-stuff
Problem solving: why i should have used // instead of / --> https://www.educative.io/edpresso/what-are-division-operators-in-python

Week 5 
Sources:
Import daytime: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_datetime.asp (also reference of all legal format codes %A)
Weekday function (int value): https://pythontic.com/datetime/date/weekday
Code example: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29384696/how-to-find-current-day-is-weekday-or-weekends-in-python

Week 6 
Sources: 
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-root-of-a-number-using-newtons-method/#:~:text=Let%20N%20be%20any%20number,correct%20square%20root%20of%20N.
Explanation of Newton's method: https://hackernoon.com/calculating-the-square-root-of-a-number-using-the-newton-raphson-method-a-how-to-guide-yr4e32zo
Newton's formular: X_i(iter number ie 1,2,3...):= (x_i + (n/x_i))/2 with n equal the input number

Week 7 
Sources:
Text source: https://time.com/4534903/moby-dick-chapter-one/
Code source: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/count-the-number-of-times-a-letter-appears-in-a-text-file-in-python/
Python file open: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_file_handling.asp


Week 8
Sources: https://matplotlib.org/stable/tutorials/introductory/pyplot.html
Range: https://matplotlib.org/stable/tutorials/introductory/pyplot.html

Commit message:

Clean up of the readme file

README.md, after:

# pands-problem-sheet
pands-problem-sheet
Week 2 
bmi.py - This program calculates the Body Mass Index (BMI)
Sources:
https://www.includehelp.com/python/bmi-body-mass-index-calculator.aspx
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20405610/bmi-calculator-in-python/50386292

Week 3
secondstring.py - The program returns every second letter in reverse of the user's input. 
Sources: 
How to reverse input: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29092778/how-to-reverse-user-input-in-python
How to only output every second letter: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48873854/python-printing-ever-other-letter-of-a-word

Week 4
collatz.py - The program specifies if the number inputted by a user is even or odd and performs certain caculations pending parity assessment until a value of 1 is reached.
Sources: 
Parity: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parity_(mathematics)
Even or Odd number: https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/examples/odd-even
Calculation: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33508034/making-a-collatz-program-automate-the-boring-stuff
Problem solving: why i should have used // instead of / --> https://www.educative.io/edpresso/what-are-division-operators-in-python

Week 5 
weekday.py - The program tells the user if it is a weekday or the weekend. 
Sources:
Import daytime: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_datetime.asp (also reference of all legal format codes %A)
Weekday function (int value): https://pythontic.com/datetime/date/weekday
Code example: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29384696/how-to-find-current-day-is-weekday-or-weekends-in-python

Week 6 
squareroot.py - The program calculates the approximate squareroot of an number given by the user using the newton method.
Sources: 
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-root-of-a-number-using-newtons-method/#:~:text=Let%20N%20be%20any%20number,correct%20square%20root%20of%20N.
Explanation of Newton's method: https://hackernoon.com/calculating-the-square-root-of-a-number-using-the-newton-raphson-method-a-how-to-guide-yr4e32zo
Newton's formular: X_i(iter number ie 1,2,3...):= (x_i + (n/x_i))/2 with n equal the input number

Week 7 
es.py - This program reads in a text file and outputs the number of the letter e used in this file
Sources:
Text source: https://time.com/4534903/moby-dick-chapter-one/
Code source: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/count-the-number-of-times-a-letter-appears-in-a-text-file-in-python/
Python file open: https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_file_handling.asp


Week 8
plottask.py - this program plots three functions f(x)=x, g(x)=x2 and h(x)=x3 in the range [0, 4]
Sources: https://matplotlib.org/stable/tutorials/introductory/pyplot.html
Range: https://matplotlib.org/stable/tutorials/introductory/pyplot.html
